[Music]
welcome back to let's play all your
fears my name is kirsten
let's see if i remember right the next
thing we needed to do
was oh yeah take the recipe to
is her name ren i believe
[Music]
yes
oh sorry i showed up earlier than i
expected
we were having a casual chat as fellow
alchemists
so do you need something from me
yeah i wanted you to look at this
[Music]
ferris did you come up with this recipe
no
it was miss sophie over there with this
recipe
it should indeed be possible to create a
superior cauldron
[Music]
that's good i haven't thought of
cauldron recipes in a while
i'm surprised to be honest i would have
never come up with an idea like this
who exactly are you huh
i'm just an ordinary alchemist ordinary
huh
well that doesn't matter right now i
just have one thing to add to this
the materials for this cauldron each one
is extremely difficult to synthesize
it would take a significant amount of
time to finish them all
however your time before the exam is
limited
who exactly intends to make this
that would be me but
you already need to make parts for the
ship you likely don't have time to make
the cauldron as well
then i can you alone there might not be
an issue on the technical side
but there's not much you can do about
the sheer time even if i were to help
we would need at least one more
alchemist they would need to possess
great skill as well
i overheard everything
[Music]
ill i can help you make materials for
the cauldron
i could even synthesize the cauldron
itself huh
is it okay i thought you had your own
ideas to work on
it's fine this is a combined effort it's
best to bet on the option with a higher
chance of working
the three of us will make the cauldron
during that time you need to finish the
other parts for the ship
how does that sound i have no objections
yeah i'm fine with it too are you okay
with it
yeah okay in that case let's begin
operation everyone make a ship
yeah yeah
all right with that decided i should get
going and start synthesizing
i'll see you later
um anyway ignoring the name since i'm
doing this
i'm going to give it everything i've got
so you better do your part too
i won't forgive you if you give up
halfway through yeah i know
all right then i'll be heading out too
bye
huh it looks like he'll drop something
is this a recipe ah i'll hold on to that
this is it seems elmeria has high
expectations of you
huh what do you mean that's a secret
anyway i need to make preparations for
synthesis as well
then i'll do the same thank you very
much
hmm i'm curious what bren was talking
about
but i need to concentrate on making the
ship parts right now i'll leave the
cauldron to everyone else
and i'll do what i can
i thought of a new item all right back
to uh
synthesizing vlog items
let's see so i guess we will head back
to the uh
to our atlea
and let's see what we need to make
various components
[Music]
rolled metal plate huh
all right
[Music]
there's no uh plot item
thing here
[Music]
all right so
so we need to make a bunch of ingots
probably we're gonna end up needing a
bunch of that 57 hours geez
45 hours 93 hours
i'm doing plywood so i need to get a ton
of
wood
[Music]
okay um
did those uh quests
give me a roll okay so we need a rolled
metal plate
a dust shell class
reinforced rudder and the keel
[Music]
okay well let's make what we can
uh okay so five fingers
i already have four all right i'm gonna
end up needing more for the other one
but we can
make one of these
all right
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah it doesn't really matter plot items
at least for most plot items and i'm
pretty sure this is going to be the same
just throw these on
[Music]
oh we here to pick one uh doesn't matter
oh we get two okay it's done
[Music]
okay
we'll use our cheap crap ingots for this
and we will use
[Music]
[Applause]
that and a couple of those
and some cheap water does not matter
what we do here
[Music]
since it's trivial to do on this no
reason not to
[Music]
but that's not a concern
okay that's done
okay
[Applause]
i'm gonna make more cloth
use say that
a generic flower and
one of these
[Music]
well that'll be helpful for things where
that matters
okay so i still need materials should i
pick three there
need five more cloths okay
[Applause]
what does handwoven cloth need red plant
animal material
what's the difference between hand woven
cloth and cloth
two threads of plant animal material
two threads of plant anal material that
makes three and five hours
and that makes three and fifteen hours
okay well let's make hand woven cloth
what material should i use
because it uses a bit less
[Music]
and we'll need to do that again
what material should i use
you'll definitely need to go out and do
some more hunting after this but
we already knew that we would need to
because of getting wood
okay
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
we got that one done next we need this
[Applause]
[Music]
this goes here
oh well we won't get it doesn't matter
material
i like to try but okay i see how we
could do it
but it's not worth the effort of redoing
everything for a plot item
okay got one of them done
ferris do you have a minute how about
taking a little break
[Music]
yeah that sounds good i'll go and make
tea
i'll do that why don't the two of you
stay here and talk
[Music]
[Applause]
well since you're offering
excuse me is america here yeah
i'm here but i knew it you weren't at
the end so fierce as atlear was the only
other place i could think of
you were looking for me why
to return this
that's the thing it'll drop before right
hey give it back right now hurry up
yes it's the recipe that ill dropped
it's practically complete
for an item to extinguish the water
spout
why did you have to tell her you idiot
what do you mean
it's practically complete you finished
making an item to make the waterspout go
away
then why are you helping me make the
ship
[Music]
there's nothing to hide i think you'll
feel better if you just tell her the
truth
you were waiting for me to come here
weren't you was i
i got it fine i'll talk i just have to
say it right
[Music]
i wanted to work on it together that's
all is there something wrong with that
um no there's nothing wrong but
why what do you mean why because we're
friends and all
what was that i couldn't hear it
ah it's because we're friends is it
wrong to want to help a friend in need
and honestly i thought it would be more
fun to help you out
more fun than just thinking about it
alone
oh that's enough
i'm getting goosebumps just hearing
myself say things like this
[Music]
let's go i'm not going to let you off
easily for this
is that so then how about i treat you to
cake at the cafe in the plaza
if you mean for a whole week i'll think
about it anyway fears
bye-bye let's work hard to make that
ship together
yeah let's do our best though
[Music]
hey leah [__] friends is
such a warm feeling isn't it yeah
that's right
so cinderella
okay i get these just from
i guess from leveling up and making the
various cloth and ingots and stuff
all right now what do we need next
[Applause]
so for that we need
[Music]
i'll come in plywood
[Applause]
hmm don't know what that is but i'm
going to need
a ton of wood
and
[Music]
let's see here
[Applause]
i don't see it even listed in ideas
maybe once i get the reinforced rubber
so that's definitely an ingredient
that's cloth don't know what that is
[Applause]
but it doesn't look like the plywood
that i need more flowers
that's oil
[Music]
um
yeah okay
so i need to go gather up a ton of wood
and hopefully get some other ideas
let me check the settings real quick
because i was messing around with one of
the
settings and i want to make sure okay
[Music]
grab those flowers let's see if i
remember where there was a bunch of wood
oh yeah there was that forest wasn't
there
[Music]
so if we go to the world map
[Applause]
i probably want to head down to the
grove and then down to the forest
it's probably going to be our best bet
for wood just a hunch
anything special that we should probably
grab some more various types for the
ingots which we also need to make a few
of
it goes down this way right yeah
[Music]
i wish we could jump to the edges
wait silent labyrinth no this is wrong
[Music]
so this is what the inside looks like
even older than i thought
sure is old some areas look fragile make
sure not to get close to anything that
seems dangerous
i'm not sure if i should be going
through here
[Music]
as i've told you many times there are no
items of monetary value here
and i keep telling you you never know
until you break it open
i'm a historian i've examined all the
information concerning these ruins
you won't find any treasure here you're
such a pain man
sounds like i'll have to teach this guy
a lesson
[Music]
um it's true what that guy's saying
huh what there are other people around
here
there's nothing left inside of these
rooms anyone living around here knows
that
but if you still insist on breaking it i
suppose we'll have to settle this by
force
not worth making a scene come on man
let's go
[Music]
thank you for your help would have been
awful if this place was destroyed before
i could conduct my research
and you two are you don't really live in
this area do you
no we're travelers i'm furious i'm an
alchemist
and i'm lyanna i'm fierce's older sister
nice to meet you
[Music]
no it's nothing never mind anyway it's
my turn next isn't it
i'm called a historian
called nice to meet you yes you too
by the way i'd be interested to know
where did you two come from
a town called artona have you heard of
it
yes a little it's also called the sealed
town i believe
i see so you two are from artona um
is there a problem with that
no it's just as a story and i'm
interested in the history of vertona
that's all
fierce and uh lyanna if you don't mind
would you please allow me to join you in
your travels
i'd like to thank you for helping me
just now too i'm sure you have your own
business to attend to
but let me know if you feel like it sure
thank you
we will it was nice meeting you called
[Music]
um part b whatever
called so we have another potential
party member
yinano called you can now talk to colt
now to remove him from the party the
floor is collapsing in some areas
okay
two star ladies
okay i'll take this
um i'm not 100 sure we should be going
through here
from an animal i should ask leah for
details
uh but we will
[Music]
let's see if we look at the world map
this will connect there
in theory um
i bet i could get some leather from one
of those things
okay i'm going to defeat one of these
wolf things
well attempt to defeat it that's
something
and see if i might get some might not be
good ooh that's not a good thing to hear
about
chimera beast 310
okay uh
well let's start with that see how that
does
hmm ow
okay you get
[Music]
you get that
all right uh protection circle would
probably be good
and guard brick
and we'll do helm splitter
let's do lightning speed
[Music]
okay
uh you will do first aid actually
because she's starting to hurt
[Music]
and helm splitter help you
prepare yourself
okay please drop
ah
there's a chest back here or something i
think
why is it lighting up oh maybe it's on
another level okay
um i don't think i need to be exploring
this now as tempting as it is
i want to focus on getting the ship done
which means wood
but it is good to know that's there
[Music]
and animal hide
that actually might be enough
[Music]
all right once we get to a spot in
travelers grove let's see about that
[Music]
let's see the um
well let's go to
that one
and check up here real quick
since we did put stuff down oh hello
um
let's defeat the camera piece that came
for the honey okay
that was not what i expected
[Music]
we'll start with guard break
and
[Music]
um reduce its speed
and
[Music]
protection circle
[Applause]
uh
[Music]
[Applause]
let's do that
[Music]
i think we need to heal her up just to
be on the safe side
[Music]
now go ahead and just attack for the
moment
and get that chain burst goodness in a
[Music]
i will dump that bomb on it
okay now i'm fired up well we'll just
attack because it's almost dead let's
coordinate
i say they don't kill it oh there we go
[Music]
that's done okay that's it seriously i
just got a honey from that
that was uh disappointing
[Music]
okay let's check out that backpack
because that'll be useful if i'm
gathering stuff
what should i make
all right so you need to make two
leather and three cloths
[Music]
[Applause]
we definitely need to get more of those
types of components
[Music]
yeah this is gonna be
a little tricky to make i don't this and
i don't think i'm gonna
yeah i'm not gonna be able to get the
quality up on
[Music]
[Applause]
does that it two
and how many that i need for the
backpack too okay what material should i
use so is that
okay i can use hand woven cloth
okay yeah we definitely will need to go
pick up some more
of that um
more uh thread type things
from fighting those rabbits or whatever
[Music]
okay uh we want
a blue one and
okay which catalyst should i use
that's an interesting one i got a bunch
of these
[Music]
[Applause]
oh that's a weird shape um
let's do without a catalyst we can
probably pay
[Music]
here
and we can't get quality up but that's
okay
i'll put this here is this okay
it's pretty good i'm pretty good at
making this now
all right i got some more of those got
better at making leather
and now we can make the spare backpack
[Applause]
well i guess that's about as good as we
can do for the moment
unless i do that throw in a general
catalyst
[Music]
okay that i forgot what that other one
is what does the other one do trait
transfer
trait transfer doesn't matter for this
item
[Music]
okay unbreakable and has dividers
whatever those mean
[Music]
[Applause]
okay that will be useful
[Music]
let's in fact take a look at it
um final equipment
here we go
so if it's a lot it's the only thing
that it did there that's odd
increases items you can carry by 20.
um okay that's under explore i want to
try to see what it says about it though
i guess those are just component traits
[Applause]
huh
okay well
right now we will just equip it because
20 more items is 20 more items
but we've been reporting for a little
while extra now about uh
almost 40 minutes so we'll take a break
here hope you are enjoying
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play all your
fears my name is karsten now that we
have a bigger backpack
that should help out in our wood
gathering
[Music]
which we apparently need a lot of
oh it's pouring rain okay
i don't remember exactly which way we
have to go but i'm guessing
south east yeah it looks like southeast
so our main focus is going to be wood
but we're also going to keep an eye out
for those rabbit things
and ore and maybe these birds
[Music]
let's see
yeah these birds are not as scary now
that i've gotten a few more levels and
party members and those monster feathers
are useful i do not want to fight you
right now mr mushroom
come to me
this is fuel it's useful for traveling
and for synthesis
and that uh spider web is also useful
a lot of these components will be useful
in what i'm making i'll take this
this can be used for sewing time and
other material spraying is really useful
i'm close to coming up with an idea all
right that's good
maybe we'll figure out the um
that other type of wood we need to make
stuff with
there's one of those rabbits
that's something we need to resist have
i got those kind of fruit before
[Music]
we should end this quickly well these
should be easy
though i'm tempted to just use a bomb to
hurry things up i'll use one of these
[Music]
i have some interesting looking things
up here
along with another one of these guys we
should end this quickly
oh there's jellyfish things i hate those
[Music]
i'm just even looking that might not
have hit both of them no it did okay
good
[Music]
poison i don't want poison
i hope that was off at the end of battle
[Music]
let's make sure
i don't see anything saying poison on
here
so that's good ah there we go
there's some more wood
oh i missed there we go
i forgot it has to actually say it not
just look like it's gonna hit it on my
screen
[Music]
not sure where i'm gonna get the idea
for that other recipe
though oops that was not what i meant to
do
[Music]
not planning on fighting these guys
so we are going to murder the heck out
of you guys
or at least do what i can
[Music]
uh that should hit all of them
and our damage medium and flick severe
burns that sounds promising
ice damage large and flipped slow yeah
let's use that
[Music]
that does not sound good
um
[Music]
okay between this and the random arrows
that we got coming we should be able to
take him out there we go
[Music]
all right well i don't like fighting
those guys
um well let's check our ideas and see
[Music]
defeat six ghosts okay i'd rather not
thanks
i still don't see anything that looks
like that lumber we need
this is just regular gathering don't
need to use that
there's another lumber here
okay there we go
i think i'm going to try to avoid
fighting for the moment
focus on gathering
since we have anything special most of
the materials that i really need a lot
of
are things that i gather what was that
thing is that just a
oh we can break this
is that one path i see over there
can i break this no
oh well it's worth a look
but wait there's something over there
oh i have to go up around the other side
well
i'm not going to do that right at the
[Music]
moment
i'm getting a little tired but i'm still
fine
there is some more wood
i don't want those i want lumber
there we go this is interesting
i thought we already put items here
[Music]
maybe isn't the other ones
maybe there's a time limit on him
[Music]
it's possible there's a time limit on
him
want more wood okay we'll
do
maybe one more chunk of wood if i can
find one soon
there's one
there's another
oh i bet it's because my lp is loaded
it's taking me two swings
all right well we'll get this
oh
maybe that's the one that we need
okay where is the nearest campfire
right there i found a campfire maybe i
should take a little bit
yeah i'm gonna take a break and then i'm
gonna gather more of those types of wood
because i suspect we might need several
of them but let's see
yes all right that is what i needed
now how many of those do i need three of
them
how many of those can i make what
material should i use
[Applause]
oh honestly it needs that
this will make two okay
this goes here
[Music]
yeah this looks good
yeah that's good enough
that's two and i need to make that again
oh that makes me good at a bunch of
other stuff
what material should i use
[Music]
okay
material set oh no we can't make it
large too that's okay
really don't need it to be large
it looks great
[Music]
all right that will let us make the keel
and we need five wood
[Music]
um
[Applause]
look who's here
oh yeah we won't be able to actually
unless we
[Music]
again nothing matters
so that's the keel
[Music]
and now we need four ingots what
material should i use
so we should be able to finish up this
oh these can be used ringgits
[Music]
what traits should
sure that's fine
and now we can make the reinforced
[Music]
rudder
[Applause]
and one of these catalysts
[Music]
let's do that
and can we fit no we can't we can't fit
we can't do the quality up that's okay
it doesn't matter
plotting them doesn't
[Music]
okay now that we have made all that
the keel and rudder and sail and armor
for the ship yeah i've got everything
now
nice work the only thing left now is to
make the furnace
yeah i wonder if everyone's done making
the cauldron yet i'll go to ren's place
to take a look
all right now we gotta check the
cauldron status
[Music]
let's see uh what everyone's everyone's
healed up hpn mp from all that time that
we spent on the
crafting all that stuff
so let's head back up pick up a couple
items on our way back me as well
just grab a couple of those
[Music]
that was not what i was aiming for
either
[Music]
at least these aren't too bad now
okay let's try this again all right got
some more of those weird things
which are potentially useful
there we go okay
now we will just grab a couple more bits
of wood here
one of these is going to remember that i
need to make sure it has the prompt
before i swing
all right
let's go let's see oh i should go
actually i should go over to
[Music]
here
wow what is this
[Music]
and look over here real quick
and take a quick peek in that cave
after beating up this bunny and getting
that piece of wood over there
[Music]
not even worth my time
oh treasure another new recipe
all right
more of that stuff
there it is highway back cave
oh it's pleasantly dark here although
it's troublesome that we can't see ahead
of ourselves
and it's troublesome that there's no
mini map
[Music]
i'm hoping at some point i can make a
better pickaxe
it's flowy sand do not like this
jellyfish
still can't do anything about the silver
boulders
don't want to deal with you just want to
take a quick glance around and there's a
chest
oh hello
[Music]
guard break purifying art and heliart
um that one does do inflict poison
[Music]
but that teaches a healing staff skill
which i've never used
[Music]
and that makes me use less mp and it
click poison i think i'll swap it out
okay well that's
let's see if i can find the way out
i hate not having a mini map
no i think this is not the way
no i
am so lost
is it up here yes
okay
uh let's just jump to there
we'll go back out this way grab a couple
things as we go
and special head back to uh flistein
[Music]
just gonna grab a couple of the things
that are right here because they tend to
fairly useful stuff like those
webs
which are immensely useful for all sorts
of things
let's head to
um i don't think there's really that
much of a shortcut
for the direction that i'm going so
we'll just gather a few other things as
we go
[Music]
i really hope there's some form of
faster travel between areas
at some point the open world thing is a
nice idea
but this
does stretch out the time not
necessarily the
in-game time but it really stretches out
the how long it actually takes real time
to get from place to place um
no we don't need to do that right now
we'll just go straight back to the time
and
drop our stuff off
and then we will be able to get on with
the plot soon
though i may check out the recipes that
i have and see if there's anything worth
crafting since
we're getting close to 30 minutes
okay
yes and uh i don't want to start what
could potentially be like 10 minutes of
cutscenes
when we are uh okay we've already
recorded this song
[Music]
what can i make that i haven't made yet
that might potentially be useful
you make one of those what does those do
they already made those still don't have
suspicious liquid or zapping water
gathering tool
interesting
okay let's make that
[Music]
all right um
[Applause]
[Music]
do we have anything that's yeah we'll do
that
[Music]
um
okay put that one up there
that there that one there
and then that over there
what traits should it have
hmm increases speed by stick six or all
stats
uh we'll do all stats
helps out a lot on various components
now let's make this
[Music]
and we need a puny ball or
some type of hidden power that's what
this is
and what shape are those let's show
those shape
those are weird shapes
let's do that one though
i'm not seeing
anything yellow here
so i guess we'll just use something that
has a lot
and use a yellow candle or yellow
neutralizer here
what is that
[Music]
yeah i messed that up let's see this
goes here
and this goes here
oh no wait we need to put
that one in last
night what was the other one again crate
transfer
it doesn't really matter but
it won't hurt but we can't get it so oh
well
[Music]
it's going well and we still
don't get all the way up on that but
that's okay we can live with it
[Music]
this is fine we'll turn it oh it's
those are just component parts okay
so what does that do
[Music]
knocking down fruit and other things
from trees okay
may as well include it for the moment i
cannot
[Music]
oh it have to take the place no no
that's the lantern
why can i not equip it
oh unless we have to
put it in here and it's usable uh
well that's less useful include that in
our
lineup though oh well today i learned
[Music]
speaking of equipment
you have more defense why are you not in
front
[Music]
let's see
there we go
[Applause]
that is probably a better formation
[Music]
[Applause]
and i think that will do it for right
now uh next time we will
hopefully complete the boat i hope
you're enjoying thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear
furious my name is karsten
i uh i actually dreamt about playing
this game i dreamt that uh
i had gotten to the we finished the time
portion of the game
and then the next segment was we we went
out and the game did one of those big
reveal things where you go over a hill
and you see the great big wide open
world and
we had a whole bunch of party members at
once and there was one that was
kind of like a chinese character that
looked like me from overwatch and there
was another one that was
some type of old woman character that
didn't actually participate in combat
but took up a combat slot
and all sorts of other weird things like
in a dream but in any case
we are not that far in the game yet but
we did
make all the parts for the boat and
we need to make all the parts for the
boat right
yeah we need to check the uh
we need to go to rinse that layer and
check on the cauldron
to make the last part for the boat that
we couldn't make yet because we needed a
better cauldron
and that is here
please don't be closed yet and of course
it's closed
[Applause]
[Music]
because why would you be open when i
need you to be open
[Music]
all right what can i make that'll take
like
12-ish hours
[Music]
not have favorites can i uh in fact we
can take those off the favorites now
[Music]
[Applause]
have pure oil but can we make pure oil
now
no i don't think so
[Music]
yeah that just has one level of breaks
rocks
and that just has one level to catch
fish
[Music]
could make some more general catalysts i
wish i could make multiples easily
but i guess with the way the ingredients
work
that might not be the easiest thing for
it to set up
since a given ingredient is not
necessarily identical i think in some of
the games the ingredients are all
identical
like a given ingredient that you would
gather would be completely identical to
any other of that type and some of the
games
they're all different this one happens
to be where they're all different
big clock what is that
it is an object okay
[Music]
i made a safe is that something that i
can like place in my room
here in the in the atlear
hmm
i can try making one of those but let's
see
[Music]
yeah we can place that increase max
container capacity by 500.
let's just put it next to the container
okay
so that's interesting and it acts as
another
thing for the container so let's
actually
[Music]
okay so let's place it
there that way we have access to it
on this side of the world okay
[Music]
because that just gives access to the
container again okay
that's good that's good that we can
increase the capacity of that
but now back to crafting
uh in fact let's do this
let's make more of these because i don't
have many of these
[Music]
wait no oh yeah that one and
hmm there we go
oh these are yellow though are they no
[Music]
[Applause]
do i have any more of these that are
more than
30 no it doesn't look like it okay we'll
just do
that i'm just saying that i can't do
that
[Music]
hmm
let's try that since we have a ton of
these okay
let's start
all right if we
do that
and then that one there
let's put that there and this one
up actually let's do this
let's put that here this one here
so over here nothing that matters and
then this one up here
[Music]
so that adds it as a medicine material
so it makes it count as a medicine
material too yeah let's do this
[Music]
that doesn't give us a lot of xp but
it's good to have these and let's make
some of these
as well
[Music]
got a bunch of these
okay these that are yeah some of these
are green
so we can do some of these that are
green like that maybe
that's food stuff but let's see if what
we can get
if we do a liquid catalyst
[Music]
and do that i think that will
okay assuming we can
get this okay
[Music]
so that one's gonna go there
or we can put that one there it doesn't
matter we'll put no we don't put that
one there we want to put it like here
this one can go here
and that one there
okay jade power whatever that is oh i
think that just increases green a lot
which is useful for a green catalyst
pretty good at making this now
and let's see we got a little bit of
time left let's make more of the red
ones as well
what material should i use
and we use one of these
yeah we'll go ahead and use a couple of
those
[Applause]
and you should be good just one of these
in one of these
catalysts
[Music]
you might want to make some more liquid
catalysts too since this can potentially
be quite useful for these
okay let's stick that one over there
[Music]
there no
there this one that way so it doesn't
overlap
and this one here should
[Music]
rouge power
this is fine i'm pretty good at making
this now
that should be any skill up on
neutralizer y also
okay so that's all useful
do i not have any more general catalysts
i need to make more general catalysts
so let's make some of that
these are still sorted right okay so
what's the highest level green that
we've got
is five okay
[Music]
yeah if we use a green flower
[Applause]
[Music]
hmm in that case i will not bother using
the catalyst because i won't be able to
get that
[Music]
all right
and we can't make the uh quality plus
either
oh well
i'm used to making this now we can do a
vertical flips on those next time we
make them
and i think we probably have enough time
pass now so
the outlier should be open
man i expect we're going to get some
more cut scenes here
[Music]
it's done ah beerus
hello teacher um by done could she mean
yeah it's the amazing cauldron you've
been waiting for
[Music]
wow so this is it i wouldn't be
exaggerating if i said one could
synthesize anything with this cauldron
this is all thanks to ameria's hard work
yeah
ill pretty much synthesize the cauldron
by herself
it wasn't a big deal i'm just a little
tired
thank you will i really mean it
what are you saying there's no need for
that we're friends
this is only natural by the way ferris
how's progress on the ship parts
[Music]
they went well we have everything except
the furnace now
i see kai also contacted me earlier
saying that preparations to build the
ship are nearly complete
then the only thing left is the furnace
yes it should be possible to create such
a furnace using this cauldron
[Music]
that means we're near the end of
building the ship first
use this cauldron and make the furnace
right away
we put our hearts into making this if
you mess up you won't hear the end of it
got it
yeah i know i'll go make it now
[Music]
okay so do i know how to make the
furnace
propulsion furnace okay i mean i guess
[Music]
presumably i know how to make it since
they haven't told me i need to figure
out how to make it
so usually there's like this huge plot
thing of figuring out how to make one of
those things
let's drop by the institute real quick
[Music]
maybe get some bonuses and stuff
okay not enough more to
get any more bonuses
[Music]
okay back to our atlea
oh fierce why are you just staring at
the cauldron
[Music]
at this cauldron just thinking that
everyone made it makes me really happy
for some reason
you're right a lot of people's thoughts
went into making the scauldron after all
yep synthesizing the furnace is
complicated but i'll definitely make it
work
you can now perform math synthesis math
synthesis is high difficulty large scale
synthesis
unlike normal synthesis math synthesis
requires vast numbers of materials
it's also necessary to fulfill total
quality requirements for the materials
used
depending on the recipe number of each
material specified must be fulfilled
exactly
you also need to be careful about the
total quality as it can't be too low or
too high for more detailed explanation
check out the encyclopedia
okay that sounds
interesting
[Music]
what should okay make
all right where is
[Music]
[Applause]
where is it did i scroll past it
oh i have to hit start to switch between
regular and math synthesis
okay we need 40 metal how many metal do
we have
not 40. the spirit stones
and spirit stone shards are metal gold
puny balls
and tama hagane
are metals now these oh man
i need to
i could make a bunch of ingots but i
think it'd be easier to gather these
now where were these found
[Music]
[Applause]
um
doesn't tell me where they're found
i thought this would tell me where it's
found
[Music]
um
oh there we go parched planes
[Music]
this doesn't show where it's found
because it's something i can craft i
guess
but parched plains is where i get those
what were these from
southern plains
it's about 15 i need about 40.
well i guess we need to go gathering
what else do we need for that
fuel 30 which material should i use
that shouldn't be a problem it'll be
annoying but it shouldn't be a problem
nor should gunpowder 10 and hidden power
10.
so the main thing is i need a bunch of
spirit stones and spirit shards
so back together
[Music]
if we run out of time this episode
before i get all those i might just
gather them off screen
especially with how long it takes to
travel
but let's at least try getting back in
the area
we need to go over to parched plains way
the heck back that way
okay well this will
be an adventure we could go up
now let's go to where we know there are
these
and not really bother spending a whole
lot of time gathering stuff until we get
there
now from travelers grove we want to go
to
so let's jump to the wood arch
and head this way
[Music]
[Applause]
the pop-up that i'm seeing is everything
pops up and then fades out from the fog
effect is interesting
all right yes this way
[Music]
anything from this
[Applause]
okay i found some more well those will
be
easy for me useful but not the main
thing that i'm aiming for right now
[Music]
now from the hills
i guess the
[Music]
that is going to be i found a campfire
the closest one
we need to head in this direction
[Music]
now here is where i need to start
looking for
stuff in the together yep
and we're going to be gathering a lot of
stuff
no not that we want
am i not hitting the right
[Music]
oh i was looking at the uh
i thought it was aiming at the rock it
was the sign
interesting okay
okay so that area over there is probably
where i need to go
[Music]
oh you're testing water quality here too
before drinking water okay
not a lot
there's three four
okay we'll do this for you since we're
like
right here no
oh well
[Music]
is this okay oh it's not all from that
oasis but
uh you can't seem to tell so
[Music]
the other
that's not what i needed
[Music]
wow what is this
that's not what i needed
that's not what i needed dude these
might not have what i need
oh wait no they do we just need to
gather up a ton of them
like tons and tons of them
fortunately there are tons and tons of
them here
i say as i hit one that only has one or
something that i don't need
well i'm glad i didn't try to cut the
time close i mean i know everyone said
it's generous but
having to go back and gather these tons
of materials
it really does put a dent in
how how much extra time i have
did not have nearly as much extra time
as i thought i would because
oh here go grind out all this stuff
that's not what i need
[Music]
you still have a big red x or red
not red big nasty skull and crossbones
why did i say red
i'm sleepy
[Music]
once we start taking three hits i'm
gonna have to probably
take a break
in game find a spot to rest up
these are not what i need
[Music]
these are still not what i need well i
think i'm gonna
take a break here
we'll go ahead and take a break also
and we'll rest
[Music]
let's rest until morning
well let's rest eight hours
oh it shows how much lp we'll get seven
hours we'll get us to full lp
oh that's gonna be i just noticed over
the right hand side of the screen well
that's useful
[Music]
okay so we will go back outside and do
more gathering
probably off screen because it's just
going to be boring
and i will be back
to continue crafting and i will see you
next time
hope you enjoy thanks for watching
[Music]
so
welcome back to let's play outlear
ferris my name is karsten
so gathered up some materials and went
back to plus time
so now the next step is to
synthesize that big forest thing
72 hours total quality between 4 000 and
[Music]
we're going to start with these
um
these and i'm leaving the
40 metals to last because that's going
to give me
the most control as far as if i need to
fiddle with the quality
now this is gonna be annoying um yes
some of those
with that a couple of those
church channels no paper there we go
put a bunch of those in
[Music]
some of that
a couple of these
[Music]
one of those because i'm not 100 certain
well the paper i should be able to
get a lot of easily because i can find
that in towns and stuff
um
this is one of these all right now sort
by quality
[Music]
once i need to get 40 of these and get a
bunch of quality out of it
okay okay i'm good with quality
[Music]
[Applause]
i should be good with quality
we don't um so we'll take off these ones
i guess we are going to have to go with
more quality
[Music]
not quite okay sort by quality
all right so we'll take off some of
these lower quality ones
i have to use some of the higher quality
stuff
[Music]
that that one
that
[Music]
there we go
and i'll toss one of those okay just
barely making the quality
but that's okay
let's go for it
i mean